### What is the biggest trap between our country and best one? 

- A message from **Quora** :

> ... One convincing proof was Xi and President Obama's private meeting in California in 2013. During which they talked about sports, the Chinese interpreter made an obvious mistake by translating Xi's swimming 1 kilometer everyday into 10000 meters instead, which made Obama rather surprised and Xi had no reaction as it was clear Xi didn't get the message.

- As a not long passed history, **Falun Gong** is created at the end of 1980s, and developed quickly in 1990s,  finally it was destroyed by Chinese government in 21 century. However, today there are still a little men who exercise it. According to course of Chinese cultures history, Professor told us, she was the experienced in this history. " There are many many people excercised it, until the old professor in USTC... in the beginning, the government had not matters on it, but things changed after the Falun Gong exercisers attacked the ZhongNan Hai", She said, " Li Hongzhi wrote some books of Falun Gong and sold them as a high price to earn money." She downloaded a pdf from the internet, and read the book's content. Obviously, all of text in this book are absurd.
- Also as a not long passed history in 1966-1976, an activity which named **"Cultural Revolution"**, in fact made a big destroy to chinese cultures.

All of these things I had enumed, they are all happened in China, and I promise no possible in other countries, How is our country going? It became silly, crazy, or others? Yes, I answered, but it is not the unique reason.

Some people say the reason is China has not real democracy, I will say they are wrong. Because it was not the main reason.  The oldest history in above three, the Cultural Revolution, we usually ascribe the couse to Mao Zedong; the second, obviously Li Hongzhi. But when you look the three together, you will think the question, that is, why these could happen in China, not other country? You may disagree that America also has **Heresis **, but, they are not samed as Falun Gong, many heresis in America has developed for centuries, they have a long history, and exist with the government to keep balance, etc. All of these disappeared in Falun Gong, it was a heresy has only more than 10 years history, as a chinese saying *"其兴也勃焉，其亡也忽焉"*,  look at this period, Deng Xiaoping has take up the reform and opening-up policy, China made a great changes, many people lose their works, and some people became very rich. Opions from Mao's period has changed by the reallity. People need a leader in their thinking, it must be a human beings, a god-like people, just as Mao. So Li Hongzhi and his Falun Gong became popular very quickly. The last story, about president Xi, it is really made me shine to be Chinese, Xi is very like to list the books he read, most are foreignor language, but he has no ability to listen and speak English flutenly, it is amazing!

Now we look, Chinese, I means the most, has no ability to think, as I said in my high school time, *"大多数人的脑袋是多余的，只要给他们一个反射弧就可以了"*. Chinese has a excellent ability to copy and study, So we has a many beautiful things; but no ability in thinking independently, so many people are just a exam-machines, which scan the papers and output the standard answers. Our cultures, history, society, make many people are same, until they look different.

We are goot at Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, etc, but we often doubt of it, why chinese students are so clever, but there are no master in many sciences?  Because in Chinese student's opinion, science is not science in western cultures, it looks like the theology. Yes, science is the new theology to chinese students. But we know, western sciences are developed on the theology. So they could be a science-theogist, never be a really scientist.

Chines people is used to obey the order from leader, society, culture and others, until the leader himself, but never thinking the reasons. In the special times, it would be made to a great **Apocalipse**, and no one can stop it. 

So my opinion is, also oneday China has became the strongest country in this planet, if we don't change this disease, earth civilization will destroyed by us. 